A liberalism incapable of fiscal self-discipline brings about a radical conservatism conspicuous for its selfishness and insensitivity.
A major failure will not occur until after the unit has passed final inspection.
A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself.
A man will believe anything that does not cost him anything.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
A miser is a fellow who lives within his income. He is also called a magician.
A misplaced decimal point will always end up where it will do the greatest damage.
A narrow mind has a broad tongue.
A neurotic builds castles in the air.
A psychotic lives in castles in the air.
And a psychiatrist is the guy who collects the rent.
A perfectly calm day will turn gusty the instant you drop a $20 bill.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth.
A politician's most important ability is to foretell what will happen tomorrow and next month and next year - and to explain afterwards why it didn't happen.
A seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldly knowledge.
A sense of decency is often a decent man's undoing.
A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
A stockbroker is someone who invests your money until it is all gone.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
A yacht is a hole in the water, lined with wood, steel, or fiberglass, through which one pours all his money.
Academic rivalries are so intense because the stakes are so small.
Activity is the politician's substitute for achievement.
Adventure is no more than discomfort and annoyance recollected in the safety of reminiscence.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain.
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
All skill is in vain when an angel pees in the barrel of your rifle.
All things are possible.
Except skiing through a revolving door.